Draft yiisoft/view assets, and view no merge. (#50)
yiisoft/view: docs/guide/config-composer-json.md

## Setting up your composer.json <span id="config-composer-json"></span>

There are several ways to use the assets in Yii, you can use it in the traditional way in Yii2 by placing the Bower and NPM dependencies, in this case all packages are downloaded from:

- [AssetPackagist](https://asset-packagist.org/).

Directory structure:

- vendor
  - bower
  - npm

```    
{
    "name": "assets/assets-bootbox",
    "type": "library",
    "minimum-stability": "dev",
    "require": {
        "php": "^7.2.0",
        "npm-asset/bootbox": "@dev"
    },
    "config": {
        "process-timeout": 1800,
    },
    "repositories": [
        {
            "type": "composer",
            "url": "https://asset-packagist.org"
        }
    ]
}
```

> Another option is to move the assets of the vendor directory to the /node_modules directory, we can do it in two ways, the first one maintaining the dependence of <strong>AssetPackagist</strong> and the second way using <strong>foxy with hidev-composer-plugin</strong>, this will allow the assets to be downloaded from <strong>npm</strong>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another option is to move the assets of the vendor directory to the /node_modules directory, we can do it in two ways, the first one maintaining the dependence of **AssetPackagist** and the second way using **foxy with hidev-composer-plugin**, this will allow the assets to be downloaded from **npm**.
```

            "bower-asset",
            "npm-asset"
        ],
        "installer-paths": {
            "./node_modules/{$name}": [
                "type:bower-asset",
                "type:npm-asset"
            ]
        }
    },
    "repositories": [
        {
            "type": "composer",
            "url": "https://asset-packagist.org"
        }
    ]
}
```

Now if we want the dependencies to be downloaded from <strong>NPM</strong> we configure it as follows:

Directory structure:

- node_modules:
    - bower
    - npm
- vendor:

```
download packages from npm

{
    "name": "assets/asset-bootbox",
    "type": "library",
    "minimum-stability": "dev",
    "prefer-stable": true,
    "require": {
        "php": "^7.2.0",
		"foxy/foxy": "^1.0",
        "hiqdev/composer-config-plugin": "^1.0@dev",
    },
    "autoload": {
        "psr-4": {"assets\\asset-bootbox\\": "src/"}
    },
    "autoload-dev": {
        "psr-4": {"assets\\asset-bootbox\\tests\\": "tests/"}
	},
    "config": {
        "process-timeout": 1800
    }
}

create package.json

{
    "name": "assets-asset-bootbox",
    "license": "BSD-3-Clause",
    "dependencies": {
        "bootbox": "^5.1.3"
    }
}

```

> Now when composing update --prefer-dist all your assets will be downloaded from <strong>NPM</strong>, obviously you must have NPM:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now when doing `composer update --prefer-dist` all your assets will be downloaded from **npm** repository. In order for it to work, **npm** is required:
```

- [NPM](https://nodejs.org/en/download/).

> <strong>Note: In both cases already the AssetManager by default handles the option of alternatives which by default is in '@npm/node_modules', you can move the assets anywhere whenever you configure the path.</strong>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: By default the `AssetManager` uses `@npm/node_modules` directory in order to store downloaded packages. If you need to move the assets you can adjust the path.
```

## Setting up your composer.json <span id="config-composer-json"></span>

<p align="justify">There are several ways to use the assets in Yii, you can use it in the traditional way in Yii2 by placing the Bower and NPM dependencies, in this case all packages are downloaded from:</p>

- [AssetPackagist](https://asset-packagist.org/).

Directory structure:

- vendor
  - bower
  - npm

```    
{
    "name": "assets/assets-bootbox",
    "type": "library",
    "minimum-stability": "dev",
    "require": {
        "php": "^7.2.0",
        "npm-asset/bootbox": "@dev"
    },
    "config": {
        "process-timeout": 1800,

>         "fxp-asset": {

Reviewer: That is not required in order to use asset-packagist. It was there in order not to conflict with fxp Composer plugin installed globally.
